start 8:54
present: Ioanna, Paula, Rico, Eliott, Anoek

4. Announcements: 
Ioanna has an idea how to work efficiently on the general idea of the project
Paperwork is important and we were late (maybe) so let's do it on Saturday
Please be very clear about what you are working and try not to do double work

Ioanna wants Anoek to work on calculator and score with Rico's help
Anoek is going to finish authorisation first

5. Action items

Eliott: 
design and implement database

Rico: 
make the client and server communicate to perform necessary actions

Anoek: 
still working on Authentication

Paula:
 vegimeal plus extra features

Ioanna: work on the GUI and JSON requests

   - What did we do last week/weekend?

	Paula & Ioanna beautified her homescreen and worked on menu
	Anoek created JWT - invalid credentials, testing and vaild credentials still need to be implemented
	Eliott working on testing database
	Rico cleaned up code, improved tests, worked client server communication


Joanna says we need user-score and user-relationship now. If we don't track the life of the user, we are more responsible.
Eliott says we should use an actionlog.

New action items:
Everyone: sprint review, checkstyle, tags and code coverage (Saturday)
Everyone: finish the demo by the end of the week
Everyone who took notes: uploads items onto issue board (Tuesday)
Paula: work on the calculator with Anoek and design vegimeal
Paula: look at the webAPI for CO2 calculator
Paula: make a small table average CO2
Paula: Screenshot of scrumboard
Ioanna: use Paula's GUI to match the loginpage
Ioanna: make sprintplan
Anoek: work on Authorisation
Anoek: work on calculator with Paula
Anoek: puts notes online (today)
Rico: continues Authorisation
Eliott: design, construct and test database, link it to server (by Friday)



6. Agenda items

    - Issues


    - Problems with ongoing work? Anyone stuck? How can we fix the problem?
	No one is stuck at the moment :)
 
   - Discuss with the TA about:

		- How to implement CO2 consumption calculator
			We can hardcode, but TA will send link to webAPI (not easy)
			TAs don't care about how the calculator is implemented as much
			Paula says we can do intervals(time/distance) on every feature
			Calculation on client or serverside?
			Rico: server, because it's more maintainable
 
   		- Lower approvals needed for merge request

			Will be lowered
  
   		- Add code coverage tool to gitlab

			TA will look into it


    		- Run checkstyle & code coverage on develop branch since friday and onward

			Only have to do it with what the TA has to see
			Still do it for good practice
			Your own brances don't have to have any coverage but make sure you know how much they cover
   - Discuss implementations/extra features
	Paula want to implement an extra feature with colours/dark theme-white theme
   - One friend vs multiple friends
	Eliott: one friend would be easier to implement
	Anoek: act as if all friends are one friend
	Ask: TAs how to exactly implement gamification (1 friend, multiple friends, no friends)
		TA: 1 friend is fine, don't use no friends
		We are using 1 friend for now
 
7. Events
   
 - Upcoming events:

       
	o Demo in week 6

		We want to have it done by the end of this week


8. Other notes or information
9. MeoW (Meme of the Week)


10. Next meeting, chair and secretary
	Next meeting: Friday (8/3)
	Chair: Elliot
	Notes: Rico
11. Adjournment
	10:30
